---
path: '/ory-series-a-funding-update/'

title: >
  Ory lands $22.5M series A funding

seo:
  description: >
    The series A funding round was led by Insight Partners, Balderton Capital,
    and In-Q-Tel. Ory has now raised a total of $25 million in funding.

  title: >
    Series a funding announcement for Ory

publishedAt: '2021-12-17'
author: Tobias Sahl

teaser: >
  This article is a company announcement that informs about the Series A
  investment.

overline: Ory Series A Funding
---

> Press Release

The open-source cloud security software provider Ory Corp, founded 2019,
recently raised a Series A funding round of 22.5 Million USD led by Insight
Partners and included its seed investors. Ory plans to use the investment to
expand its cloud business operations and add additional personnel. Ory’s Series
Seed round of 3.3 million was led by Balderton Capital with participation from
In-Q-Tel.

**What is Ory?**

Ory is an open-source software company dedicated to simplifying zero trust cloud
security for application developers by providing a specialized cloud platform
that delivers authorization, authentication, ID management, and API protection.
Ory uses these open source products in its flagship Ory Cloud, which provides a
low latency global scale network.

Ory maintains numerous open-source software products in the area of zero-trust
security. The main products include Kratos for identity management, Hydra for
Oauth2 and OIDC, Ory Oathkeeper for reliable and scalable APIs, and Keto for
authentication, authorization, access control, and delegation. Ory's products
focus on offering diverse options to easily set up and manage identity
platforms, authorization, authentication and all within one console. Why Ory?
Many developers struggle with the complexities of zero-trust security for cloud
computing. In order to reduce friction in onboarding customers, Ory offers
endless features, including identity management and authorization that can be
set up for a company’s specific needs. Managing customer-relevant information in
a secure infrastructure separate from an organisations’s application also has
advantages for data privacy, regional compliance for example GDPR, and increased
security against data theft.

Ory’s mission is to provide a common access control, authorization and identity
infrastructure that manages IAM and the associated data created in cloud
applications. Ory helps its customers manage numerous aspects of data protection
and data complexity through its multi-cloud and multi-region architecture. Ory’s
open source community has already reached tens of thousands of people and
projects including Blues Wireless, Segment, and Coinbase. Ory’s founders are
open source leaders with experience at SAP, Deutsche Telekom, Microsoft and
Deutsche Börse Group.

“The challenge facing most developers today is complexity. Building cloud
software is a new paradigm involving many evolving technologies. Ory simplifies
zero trust security by putting id management, authorisation, and access control
into one cloud system that is globally distributed and runs using on multiple
clouds.”

Sign up to the
[Ory newsletter](https://ory.us10.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=ffb1a878e4ec6c0ed312a3480&id=f605a41b53)
to be notified of new updates to Ory.
